Well as with getters in the last videos, we could have the same problem when changing our store or when changing
our state,
right now we're doing this directly from the components,
we're basically accessing our state and we manipulate it there.
Well that can get a problem if you've got multiple components manipulating our state,
then again it gets hard to track which component edited the state at which point of time and so on
and therefore that is not really the way we want to do it, especially not in bigger applications.
So a better way is to use a similar concept as with getters but now for setting the store, now you could
think it's called setters but it's actually called mutations because it mutates the store or the
state I should say, it changes the state.
These mutations are committed,
so we basically commit such a mutation from one point in our application or from one component maybe
and then this will update the state and all the components listening through getters will automatically receive
the updated state.
Let's see this in action and let's see how we can add such mutations.